move ERC20Votes and ERC20FlashMint out of draft (#2673)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

* `ERC20Votes`: add a new extension of the `ERC20` token with support for voting snapshots and delegation. This extension is compatible with Compound's `Comp` token interface. ([#2632](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2632))
 * Enumerables: Improve gas cost of removal in `EnumerableSet` and `EnumerableMap`.
 * Enumerables: Improve gas cost of lookup in `EnumerableSet` and `EnumerableMap`.

>  * `ERC20Votes` is no longer marked as draft. ([#2673](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2673))) 

Reviewer: ERC20Votes was never released so this isn't relevant for the changelog. ERC20FlashMint, on the other hand, is.

```suggestion

 ### Breaking Changes
 
 * `ERC20FlashMint` is no longer a Draft ERC. ([#2673](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2673)))
 
**How to update:** Change your import paths by removing the `draft-` prefix from `@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/draft-ERC20FlashMint.sol`.

> See [Releases and Stability: Drafts](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/releases-stability#drafts).
```
